relationship between the main trade, the trading powers, is shown at the level of April 1
, which is actually higher than the fourth province, which is
before this liberation day, which means that Donald
Trump's land is to study  Or now you say
those nine is not 75 countries, they that that that low-off expired this
can not pass the time this down or even add back that this
global trade slowing or GDP growth will also increase
Received to this unit percentage of drag Yes, I do not know what is called
low unit percentage of it, in short, it is said that the profit to drag it,
and when expected to increase the loss of 5 billion
Yes those that are doing property do eh reveal those eh
, is it going to Default? Yes, because this is definitely relevant
, because he is talking about this, is saying this, that in the property price will be